week 16

Monday 04/09/2023

Class meeting with ian grout this morning 
I missed the standup today
I have noting in the Scrum board
Started working on Coop report 
preparing notes and points to address for faculty visit
manager on holiday untill the 11th with no communication available. 
downloaded localstack cli interface
madatory training on customs essentials

Tuesday



Wednesday

PKI card working agan
Amazon sqs (simple Queue Service)

Thursday 

My access card still doesnt work, i was told it would, so ive been id say 2 months without an access card to the building meaning i need to be let in
and i cant leave the bui;ding for lunch for fear i cant get back in.

Eventbridge, AWS sqs

Events, Rules, Ques

A que has a list of rules, an event has rules, if the event rule matches the que rules it goes to that que.

PKI successfully activated


I was tring to login to confluece but i couldnt remeber the end of my password and it doesnt allw me to reset it, an dthe managers gone i needed a list from it.
I went thrugh my note book three times before fnding it cause i knew i must of written it down at some stage. Ahaha
Turns out ididnt need confluencce the list wwsa on gitlab which i use my card for......

aws cli on local machine
For a specific user

Use this command pip3 install awscli --upgrade --user to install awscli package. When you use the --user switch, pip installs the AWS CLI to ~/.local/bin.

Add an export command at the end of your shell initialization file, .bashrc for bash, .zshrc for zsh etc. For example, export PATH=~/.local/bin:$PATH. This command inserts the path, ~/.local/bin in this example, at the front of the existing PATH variable.

Reload the profile into your current session to put those changes into effect source ~/.bashrc.

Verify that the AWS CLI installed correctly.

aws set up

remember inodes for work diary learning( data and meta data)
aws ecr (repository)
gitlab CI/CD (continous integration, delivery and deployment, uses a gitlabci.yaml file that containes stages of testing that runs certain commands to test the project status. 
any time a developer merges code the yaml file runs all the stages on the new instance of the project to check all stages pass and no errors occur. 
automatically tests developers code

json
vscode 
pycharm