Week 6

Monday 26/06
Stuck on adding a list to JSon data

The most difficult part of this placement isnt the wrk, its the situation. 
Being the only intern in a small team where every one else is a seasoned developer with minumum of 15 years experience
No peers no one on the sam elevel going through the same problems. i never realised how hard asking for help would be, topped with the fact
i feel tension with the assigned tutor. The tutor has gone on holiday for 2 weeks and I have been helped by another senior staff. Hes a younger man (relative 
to some of the other staff) and much more kind, patient and and most importantly to me polite. But i still struggle getting over the anxiety of 
asking for help, the isolation of working from home and the lack of social interaction at work with people i could call my peers.
I want to be clear, this is placement is an amazing opportunity, and a chance to learn from seasoned professionals in the industry,
but with that said I do not enjoy this time, feeling of isolation and lack of progression due to my inability to communicate and ask for help have made my time 
so far some of the most stressfull and anxiety induceing weeks i have faced in a long time.

on a previous note when my original tutor returns from holiday i will be absoluty furious if i am paired up with him again as i wont be able to stand from his 
snarky comments and smart remarks any further. When you work in such a small team, its very difficult to go about your day without having dealings
and reminderes every single day about why you cant stand said person.

The thing about asking for help. the longer you go without asking and the longer you go wihout making progress, the harder it becomes.
So your only making things exponetiallly worse by not asking when your stuck.

but ive worked in retail since i was 15 and Work is work at the end of the day i realize that, but there was always a sense of you werent the only one who 
was doing it. But here i am the only one, the only intern, the only one struggling. Taking a 2 days to do something the other emplotyess would do in 20 minutes.
It adss to the feeliong of isolation.

There was such a lifestyle change moving into this positition

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tuesday 27/06

Writing test for Postman, javascript

# #TODO Delete all
@app.route('/presidentDel', methods=['DELETE'])
def deleteAll():
    presidents.deleteAll()
    return jsonify({'message': 'Everything was deleted'})


app.run()

formatting

Learned how to create a class that contains a collection of objects. a hash map and array
learned the importance of formatting, studied PEP8 the industry standerd formatting standered for python programmin
python is an intrepreted language. what does that mean?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thursday 29/06/2023

event driven architect?
CRUD user
vpc and subnet, routing tables.
aws lambda
Iron encryption
Calibre Siemens/Mentor Graphics
what is a mountpoint?
OKR -> objectives and key results
how does docker make money?
Agile planning
tech debt
springboot
PO product Owner (manager)
PE product engineer
throughput
Kong
Robot test framework
writing docstrings 
is ubuntu lighter than windows 10/11. can you run a pc/home server
admin vs power user
api
local stack

16/06/2023
Acknowledgments:
Jason Kelly 



Engineering mode, runs specific commands, users should not be able to access but is usefull for developers
for testing and running only exactly what they want.
development builds vs production builds. Dont compile in EM.


I enjoy Thursdays, seeing the whole team and being involved in all the meetings and planning, makes you feel the 
importance of the work being done and makes you want to do your bit and work hard towards the team goal, be that completing a feature, 
task or subtask.


Sprint0, innovation sprint,

In OKR planning meeting.
For planning meetings its important to keep on track and not beging ot dive into technical talk. This makes sure the timetable is followed and the team 
is aware of all Objectives and key results. Plan the work that will be done in the following 6 sprints OKR, is the amount of work reasonable and 
are the team confident the work planned can be achieved. Planning is kept to high level language to keep things understandable for everyone regardless
of undertanding level and also for managment and upper managment to undertand concept boards or meeting transcripts if they choose to go over.
Planning out the Epic tasks across the next 6 sprints across the two teams

Component level tests, identify whats going wrong faster and fix with confidence.
End to end tests, thats whats being advertised to the customer. (advertised limits)
Automated. 

Make readme.md
Make testRest file run the server for each test, and also be able to run them all.

Make a file with all the presidents of the US and be able to parse the data into the collection
what is a build file and how can i implement it to my project.
Create a gitlab ssh key to access gitlab through git
gi5sha5n$
gi5sha5n€

Dont over enginneer, the user doesnt care about whats going on in the background.
Dont do over-documentation, keep a brief summary
step by step documentation is very important, just for myself i can refer back to what did if ever questioned and also for reference 
for my work placement diary.


Tshirt size, giving a story an guess-estimated size relating to the amount of work it will take.


choreography vs orchestration

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Friday 30/06/23

The team seems isolated from the rest of the company, theyve descibed themselves like a startup company but thy have all the support of 
a Siemens, a massive multinational company behind them.

I gave structure to my project folders by implemeting a src, deploy and tests folder. But noe my tests couldnt access my class that was
written in src/CollectionClass.py

The fix was to adding the following to the test.py 

import sys
sys.path.append("/mnt/c/Users/z004swjt/Documents/CodeBase/CollectionClass/src/")

Ref:
https://blog.finxter.com/python-how-to-import-modules-from-another-folder/

-----------------------------------------

I cant get my docker container to build. the requirements folder is in the parent directory while the docker file is in the the deploy folder
Got it going. it was a matter of paths.

multipart/form-data
build.sh
test.sh