Week 12

Monday Bank Holiday

Tuesday 08/08/2023

Requested new access card to replace the one that doesnt wokr anymore
requested new pki card to replace the one i lost.
I cant access Gitlab without the pki card now, which means i cant do any merges.
Not ideal.

New pki card is on the way.

I booked the 31st of August off work, because i have a repeat exam that date in UL. I then decided to use my hours and book off the monday, Tuesday, wednesday off that week,
with the exam on a Thursday.
The first time i requested a day off it was approved in 20 minutes. ITs been a week now and it hasnt been approved yet. I will be taking that Wednesday and thurday off 
at the very least, wheather apporoved or not, im not going to let this work placement get in the way of the progression of me getting the actual degree.

Wednesday

I skipped the standup. Probably wont have any contact with anyone now today. And if that means i dont have to speak with jacob, than im happy out.
Im not interested in the morning standup. Al it is is Jacob saying "i dont really understand why your doing that but okay", I take that as a bit of an insult.
hes basically saying what im doing doesnt matter or make sense

I think im going to try write out this program in C. Just to keep me busy.
Nope, havent a clue how to write c code like this.

The manager told me he was going to put me in contact with the HR officer,
that was on Friday 21st of July. Then on Thursday 3rd of August the manager asked did dhe get in contact, nope,
now its been another week, I dont care, im sure shes a very busy woman, but its just an example of me being forgotten in the 
background.

I was given a temporary employee loaner card, i never received an actual Simens id acces card, then after a few weeks 
the access card no longer worked, either it was damaged somehow on my behalf or the temporary cards only wokr for a limited amount of time
i dont know, but again, never recevieved a proper card. Ive been just forgotten.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thursday 10/08

Had to get let in the front door, I messaged John, he must be on holidays, out of office all week.
Bash

I dont know what im supposed to be doing. the tasks i have in front of me seem beyond me, ive been told to make adjustments to the command line 
parser.

Ive been given such general things and i dont know. I suppose if i go and and ask someone on the team what they think, and what a command line parser 
should look like or include i would find some sort of answer. I mean theyve all said theyre happy to help but like help doesnt mean a 10 minute chat with a few 
pointers i need someone to work with alongside me as i do it.
 
 
 Getting back to the manager calling me an ageist, Im the youngest of 8 children my eldest sisters are in their 40s and i know them and all their friends, I have
 no issue getting along with an older generation


This is small abd very focused team, I constantly wonder is they should be taking on an intern at all, because of the 12 weeks ive been here so far i havent once 
come across a piece of work where i thought okay fair enough. When i was given 2 weeks to do my own project with a mentor speaking to me as i was doing it 
that was the only time i thought i wsa actually making some progress and i was satisfied with the work ive done. But again that goes back to working alongsde
someone. Even if it was just a few hours to get me started and then maybe let me finish it up in my own time but no.
Im given a task, we speak about how it might be completed, then im left off to do it, then i bang my head against a wall cause when the time comes and im 
actually looking at a screen i dont have a clue what im actually.
Now this scenarion sounds like something a software developer would be doing day in day out, but im not a software developer im a student intern. When i made 
that realisation it lifted a lot of stress off me for not making a lot of progression. And managment are the ones to say it, but I think they only belive it 
in theory because in actuality its the same thing thats been going on since the first few weeks. Given a job that i dont think im capable of, and then i have 
no guidance.

And i know that i dont deserve any special treatment, that i need to search for help if i need it, but if i only had someone who actually reached out to me
and spent time with me with my work, or if there was work that wasnt so beyond a student from a course that focuses a lot more on hardware than software.
When i heard that i was the only intern on the team before i started i thought it might be an advantage, ill have plenty of guidance around and it wouldnt be
spread across a team of interns, but it goes back to the worst of both worlds argument, I dont have the extra help/focus that i thought i would and i dont have 
any peers around me to share the difficuilties faced in a new job, new environment, new tasks, new experiences.
Its the worst of both worlds really, student vs employee. If i was an employee i would probably have been sacked by now or have had some seroious conversations
about my progression, but if i was a regular employee i would have handed in my notice by this stage... As a student im stuck her until the end of coop.

Its a great place to work, its not a great place to learn.

It seems like a great place for a senior developer, Its fairly laid back but serious work and progress is being done at the same time.
But for a student, not so great. Everyone i work with on the team is very polite and kind, bar one, the one who was my guide starting out. 

Maybe im crazy, maybe im the problem, but without another coop student to compare with who knows, that makes my view the only one
Im not learning im just trying to get trhough each day each week without landing myself in trouble at this stage. trouble for what? 
Not doing anything i suppose.

I hate having to ask for help i wish it was just freely available.

45 wpm human benchmark
51 wpm
You have to read the paragrapgh before you start

I was told i would be working on streaming tests. I didnt know what streaming meant until week 12.